[ominous music]
The sun's setting...already?
[Jotaro] It can't be...
Guys, he really
was telling the truth.
The priest's new ability...
He already had it back
on the Shuttle!
Now everything is moving
at a faster speed.
Everything in this world is...
And I don't just mean
the machines,
I'm talking
literally everything!
Oh, shit!
The sun's already gone down!
Does that...mean
the completion of his ability?
[suspenseful music]
[Jotaro] Where is he?
Where did that bastard go?
The longest I can stop time
is five seconds at most.
I have to locate him and
strike him down,
all in a span of five seconds!
That's the limit.
Now time will resume...
[exclaims, gasps]
What?
It can't be.
He's using it as a spring!
[tree squeaks]
[collision thuds]
[accelerated whirring]
[Star Platinum] Oraa, oraa,
oraa, oraa, oraa, oraa...
-[squelching]
-[Jolyne screams]
[Jotaro groans]
[Father Pucchi grunts]
Oraa, oraa, oraa,
oraa, oraa, oraa...
[grunts]
[all exclaim]
I will make this clear
once and for all.
Time will keep racing by.
But, for your clarification,
I did not obtain this ability
just so I can dispose
of you all,
nor did I do it
to become the most powerful.
The true purpose of
this ability
is to guide
the masses of humanity
towards everlasting happiness.
Allow me to introduce you
to my new Stand,
my gift to humanity.
I shall christen my Stand...
Maiden Heaven!
[theme music]
The reason for my disposing
of you all
is for the future of humanity.
Your deaths here
are nothing personal,
but, for the sake
of mankind's happiness,
you shall become
necessary sacrifices.
[shudders]
-Ghost gun, fire!
-[gunshot]
[bullet zings]
[accelerated zip]
It's no use, Emporio.
Bullets aren't gonna hit him!
Nuh-uh, Jolyne.
I aimed for the wall
of the next building over.
[Jolyne gasps]
And Ermes put one
of her stickers on the bullet.
Thanks to that,
there are two bullets now.
[exclaims]
Huh? Emporio...
[Ermes]
He's coming back around!
[Emporio]
Hold on tightly, everyone!
No matter what happens,
we can't let go of each other!
[suspenseful music]
[screeches]
[acceleration zips]
Crap, it's him!
He's chasing us!
Because Smack is a stand, its
movements aren't accelerated!
But he's on our asses!
Emporio, put a sticker on
another one of your bullets
and shoot again!
[Emporio gasps]
[Anastasia]
We're gonna make our way
to the wetlands,
just like this!
Head towards the ocean!
If we're surrounded by water,
there's one way we can kill
this psycho time wizard!
[buzzing]
The priest already
caught up to us!
He's gonna wait for us
at that building!
[whooshes]
Use this next bullet to change
our trajectory, Emporio!
To the ocean!
That's where we need to be.
Focus on the marshes and
aim the bullet
at the rocks jutting
out of the water!
[accelerated zipping]
-[pants]
-[gunshot]
[Emporio screams]
[zings]
Ah! He's coming this way!
He's too fast!
Listen.
Even if the priest is able
to pursue us
through the state of
accelerated time,
he only has one Stand.
Also, I'm willing to bet that
its power's only above average!
[both exclaim]
He has no other choice
but to pick each of us off
one at a time.
That's when we have the chance
to beat him down!
At the exact moment
when he tries to come in
and end my life,
Mr. Jotaro, that's when
I'm gonna give you a signal.
When I do,
stop time immediately
and kill that fucker
before he gets away!
As for the timing,
you're gonna want to stop time
at precisely the same instant
that his attack hits my body!
[all exclaim]
Do you hear me?
Don't stop it any earlier
than that. Do it after.
This is all
gonna happen quickly.
The timing is important.
You'll have to grab him
while he's in mid-attack.
And to do that,
your Star Platinum is the key.
Yo, wait a second.
You're doing what?
Uh, I don't understand.
What are you trying to say?
Anastasia, that's a good idea.
But although Pucchi said
he'll end you first,
he might not act on his words.
You can't trust what he says.
Thinking about it a bit more
logically, he'll end me first.
No. I get why you might think
that, but it isn't accurate.
My Diver Drive is already
in your body,
protecting you like before.
And it's not just you.
Jolyne, Emporio, and Ermes too.
you're all safe,
as long as you stay
within an arm's length of me.
So no matter who ends up
getting attacked first...
[gurgles]
...the brunt of that first blow
will be absorbed
by my Diver Drive.
[all gasp]
After that, you'll feel
a sensation through your body.
That's gonna be the signal from
my Stand that it's go time.
Are we clear?
That's how it has to be.
Time can't stop
until after his attack lands.
Anastasia,
are you going for a draw?
What? No way!
Are you outta your mind?
His next attack will definitely
kill you!
Most likely.
But maybe before
he strikes my vitals,
I can manage to send
the signal off.
I have been having
good luck recently.
-Haven't I, Emporio?
-[exclaims]
Since I broke out of prison,
I've managed not
to die somehow.
If I can just keep on living,
when this shitstorm is over,
I'm finally going to ask Jolyne
to marry me!
[Anastasia laughs]
Or something like that,
you know. [chuckles]
Sure.
[both exclaim]
Go ahead.
Just propose.
I'm not saying this because I'm
in despair over our situation.
There's still some hope left
in your plan.
It's not dark at all.
There might be only one path.
But if there's even
a sliver of hope,
then that'll be
the path to success.
[Anastasia shudders]
[groans]
He's over there!
He's already on the rock
ahead of us!
-Emporio!N-[gunshot]
[plops]
[splashes]
Everybody, gather up!
Get closer to me now!
[zipping]
There!
He's coming around
to the right!
[splashes]
He's here!
I see. Due to the splashes,
being surrounded
by water makes it easier
to see which way he's going.
Not yet, Mr. Jotaro.
Whatever you do,
don't stop time yet.
If he gets away, it's all over.
Capturing him is the only way
we can win this!
You gotta sense the signal
with your body.
[acceleration zings]
Hmm? Huh?
Uh... Hey. Wait a second.
Look up. What's wrong
with all the clouds?
They're racing by
at insane speeds like a rocket!
And...
What the heck is going on?
The sky to the east
is getting brighter!
What the hell?
[Emporio] Seriously, aren't
they moving way too fast?
An hour was supposed to feel
like two to three minutes,
which means it should've
taken at least 20 to 30 minutes
for the sun to rise again!
It doesn't make sense.
The sun is coming up
at an impossibly high speed!
[exclaims]
[gasps]
[all gasp]
Hey!
What the hell does that mean?
Is it that time is starting
to accelerate even more now?
[scientist]
Birds all over the world
are still flying at
their natural speed.
So are butterflies
and other insects.
Also, there are
no reported cases
of flowers or plants
blooming abruptly
or withering away
at rapid rates.
See this glass?
I'm currently holding it
in my hand.
As long as it remains
in my grasp,
nothing happens,
even if I shake or swirl it.
However, once I remove my grip
from the glass...
[glass shatters]
You see?
-We can't even see it fall.
-[people murmur in awe]
It's already broken on the
floor before you realize it.
The only possible explanation
for this phenomenon
is that time is accelerating.
Everything in the world
is progressively getting faster
except for the movement
of living organisms!
This is all
my assistants' fault!
I'm the number one
monthly manga artist!
[groans]
There's no way that
I could've only drawn
one page in the entire night!
That's not possible!
[ink cracks]
[screams]
What?
And for some reason,
the ink on the pen dries before
it even touches the paper!
What am I supposed to do?
[pen cracks]
[phone rings]
Yes, what is it?
What? There's a manga artist
that still got it in?
[groans]
And who could that be?
What kind of person are they?
-[man on phone] Rohan Kishibe.
-Huh?
[Emporio] Ugh,
the tide's going too fast.
I can't see the movement
of the waves!
We can't read where the priest
is going like this!
Shit!
Where is he gonna come from?
[both exclaim]
Everyone, get ready!
Stone Ocean!
Smack!
Mr. Jotaro, not just yet.
We're almost there.
Wait for the signal to come.
[Anastasia gasps]
[groans in pain]
Do it now! Stop time...
Star Platinum: The World!
-[zaps]
-[clock ticking]
[Jotaro] I got you!
Take this, Father Pucchi!
[exclaims]
[grandiose music]
[Jotaro] What?
He used Jolyne's Stand
to attack Anastasia!
He's a step ahead of us!
[grandiose music rises]
Only four more seconds.
If I'm not able
to finish him off now,
he'll just hide within
the accelerating time again.
As soon as time resumes,
we'll be done for!
I have to go at him
with everything
I've got while I still can!
Three more seconds.
Two seconds!
[zings]
[gasps]
[foreboding music]
[grunts]
[screams]
Knives!
While he was falling,
the priest had already
thrown them into the air,
just like how Dio did
in the past!
[grunts]
[ticking]
[Star Platinum] Oraa, oraa,
oraa, oraa, oraa, oraa, oraa...
[knives zing]
[shudders]
Oh, my. It seems
you were late by two steps.
[gasps]
[tragic music]
[Father Pucchi] The Joestar
bloodline, as to be expected...
they drew strength
from their pride and courage
and came together
to conquer their fate.
However...
That connection through blood
is also their weakness.
Jotaro Cujoh, your greatest
weakness is your daughter.
[gasps]
[grunts, roars]
-[blood squelches]
-[Ermes exclaims]
[acceleration whirs]
[cracks]
[splashes]
[whimpers]
[weakly]
Hey, old man...
Jo... lyne...
I did steal a car...
I was leaving school...
In this supermarket
parking lot...
There was a car...
Why did I do something
like that?
But... I know
Dad's gonna come save me.
He'll be here, definitely...
Dad will be here soon...
to save me...
[blood sputters]
[splashes]
[tragic music]
[screaming]
[sobbing]
[Father Pucchi] I must
eliminate any obstacles
-in the way of my destiny.
-[gasps]
I feel no remorse
for them or you...
Nor will I let you go free.
I'll put an end to everything.
But to you, young Emporio,
I'm the one
who killed your mother,
aren't I?
[sobs]
[grumbles]
[breathes heavily]
Shoot me then.
Pull the trigger
so you can leave
this godforsaken world
as a martyr.
-[screams]
-[gunshots]
This is where your fate
comes to an end!
-Emporio!
-[screams]
-[pants]
-[splashes]
[Father Pucchi grunts]
[whimpers]
-[yelps]
-[plops]
[exclaims]
[thrilling music]
[grunts angrily]
Jolyne Cujoh!
[Stone Ocean] Oraa, oraa,
oraa, oraa, oraa, oraa, oraa...
[groans]
[squelches]
[exclaims]
Joestar!
[Father Pucchi] Do you
truly think you can get away?
The speed at which you swim
through water is slower
than if you were running
on land!
[grunts]
[water gurgles rapidly]
Jolyne!
I caught a dolphin
with Stone Ocean.
No matter
how fast time is going,
every living creature is moving
at its natural speed.
And then there's you,
Father Pucchi.
With your speed,
you can probably catch up
to this dolphin easily.
But distance is what matters.
You can reach us
at close range.
But how many meters
can you keep on swimming for?
500 meters? Maybe even 800?
How long can you last?
Can you swim longer distances
than a dolphin
without getting tired?
That has nothing to do
with the flow of time.
It's still the same distance
whether you're picking
something up or swimming.
That doesn't change!
And plus,
it has to be at a distance
where you can swim back
to shore without drowning.
I won't ever let you get away!
This tiresome feud
between us ends now!
I can't have any trace of your
existence in my future!
Jolyne, climb the rope!
Hurry up and come
to the dolphin!
[Jolyne] Emporio...
Because of Anastasia
sacrificing himself
to protect my father,
I'm still alive,
but that's the only reason.
[exclaims]
And thanks to Ermes buying time
attacking the priest,
I was able to extend my rope
to catch this dolphin.
When dolphins let people ride
on their back,
I heard that they swim
in a way
that their rider
won't ever drown.
[Emporio] Hurry! Hurry!
Get over here already, Jolyne!
Your rope is unraveling
even more!
I know without a doubt,
that dolphin is gonna
carry you
somewhere safe
and out of danger.
Huh?
What are you saying?
Hurry! You can still
make it over to me!
Emporio, I can't go with you.
Wherever I go, the priest
will sense the presence
of the Joestar blood within me.
And no matter how far I run,
I'll sense him too.
He'll keep
following me forever.
[shudders]
If I stay here,
you won't be able to get away.
[whimpers]
Everything will be okay,
Emporio.
You'll be going the rest
of the way yourself.
You can do this.
I have total faith
in your capabilities.
The ones who died
so that you could live
are Anastasia,
our friend Ermes,
and my father, Jotaro Cujoh.
Keep on living.
You're our only hope!
I don't know what the heck
you're even talking about!
No, please, don't go!
Just wait! Hold on, Jolyne!
Stop! Don't leave me!
Hurry and pull yourself
up the rope already!
[both gasp]
He's getting worn out.
I'll hold him off
for as long as I can!
[thumps]
[exclaims]
[wails]
Bring it, Father Pucchi!
[acceleration whirs]
-Stone Ocean!
-[pounding]
[tragic music]
[groans]
No! Jolyne!
[man 1] Whoa, hey! What's that?
[man 2] Is that the sun rising?
No way! The sun's
coming up again already?
It doesn't even look
like a sphere anymore.
It's more like
a long belt of light!
[man 1 gasps] The hands
of my watch disappeared...
No, they're just
going way too fast
for me to see
with the naked eye!
The day's over!
Now, it's morning.
And night again!
This is crazy!
Time is accelerating even more!
[people clamoring]
[man 3]
Shit, this is really bad!
Get the canned food!
All the raw meat's gonna rot.
We can't eat it anymore!
Buy it out!
Buy out
all the canned food!
[man 4]
We're gonna run out of food!
[gasps] Look at all this
window dust collecting.
The frame is rotting!
[bawls]
[crackling]
[foreboding music]
[snoring]
[screams]
My teeth! The implants I just
got put in are falling out!
[cracking]
What the hell, man?
What's with the sky?
[man 5] Where the fuck
did the sun go?
Is that strip of light in
the sky supposed to be the sun?
Is it truly noon,
or is it night?
What day of the week is it?
And for that matter,
what's even the year?
It's starting
to get really cold.
The climate is changing too!
[suspenseful music]
[gasps]
What's going on?
Even the rocks are changing
shape because of the waves!
Is time ever going
to stop speeding up?
How much more?
How much longer is
this nightmare going to last?
[suspenseful music]
[gasps]
[earth rumbling]
[grunts, yelps]
[screams]
Now even the terrain
is changing too!
[shudders]
[majestic choral music]
What in the world is this?
How bizarre.
It's only living things!
[gasps]
[yelps]
[screaming]
I can't breathe...
[majestic music climaxes]
[exhales sharply]
[gasps]
[grunting]
Huh?
[gasps]
[clock ticking]
[breathes shakily]
[guard 1] Whoa! Hey, you all!
What in God's name are
you doing in here
without any clothes on?
[stutters]
Huh? What the...?
I, uh...
[guard 1]
Shut up and stop stalling!
You and the prisoners need
to get dressed!
[guard 2 groans]
But why am I naked too, though?
I mean, what happened?
Time was going all fast,
and then...
This ain't good!
I'm naked on camera!
They'll misunderstand!
[gasps]
[mumbles]
Is this...
This place is...
I've been here! I know it!
This place is Green Dolphin
Street State Prison!
And I'm in the hallway
in front of the visiting room!
["Distant Dreamer"
by Duffy playing]